690	Investing 101 : From Stocks and Bonds to ETFs and IPOs, an Essential Primer on Building a Profitable Portfolio	265.000	193.999	A crash course in managing personal wealth!Too often, textbooks turn the noteworthy details of investing into tedious discourse that would put even Warren Buffett to sleep. Investing 101 cuts out the boring explanations, and instead provides a hands-on lesson that keeps you engaged as you learn how to build a portfolio and expand your savings.;From value investing to short selling to risk tolerance, this primer is packed with hundreds of entertaining tidbits and concepts that you won't be able to get anywhere else.So whether you're looking to master the major principles of investing, or just want to learn more about stocks and bonds, Investing 101 has all the answers--even the ones you didn't know you were looking for.;	A crash course in managing personal wealth!Too often, textbooks turn the noteworthy details of investing into tedious discourse that would put even Warren Buffett to sleep. Investing 101 cuts out the boring explanations, and instead provides a hands-on lesson that keeps you engaged as you learn how to build a portfolio and expand your savings.;From value investing to short selling to risk tolerance, this primer is packed with hundreds of entertaining tidbits and concepts that you won't be able to get anywhere else.So whether you're looking to master the major principles of investing, or just want to learn more about stocks and bonds, Investing 101 has all the answers--even the ones you didn't know you were looking for.;	Adams Media Corporation	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/690_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/690_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/690_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/690_3.jpg	Michele Cagan
691	Invested: How Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger Taught Me to Master My Mind, My Emotions, and My Money	350.000	297.500	Invested: How Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger Taught Me to Master My Mind, My Emotions, and My Money;New York Times bestseller!;	Invested: How Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger Taught Me to Master My Mind, My Emotions, and My Money;New York Times bestseller!;A 12-Month Plan to Financial Freedom;"A terrifically informative and thoughtful book." - Gretchen Rubin, bestselling author of The Happiness Project and The Four Tendencies;In this essential handbook--a blend of Rich Dad, Poor Dad and The Happiness Project --the co-host of the wildly popular InvestED podcast shares her yearlong journey learning to invest, as taught to her by her father, investor and bestselling author Phil Town.;Growing up, the words finance, savings, and portfolio made Danielle Town's eyes glaze over, and the thought of stocks and financial statements shut down her brain. The daughter of a successful investor and bestselling financial author of Rule #1 , Phil Town, she spent most of her adult life avoiding investing--until she realized that her time-consuming career as lawyer was making her feel anything but in control of her life or her money. Determined to regain her freedom, vote for her values with her money, and deal with her fear of the unpredictable stock market, she turned to her father, Phil, to help her take charge of her life and her future through Warren Buffett-style value investing. Over the course of a year, Danielle went from avoiding everything to do with the financial industrial complex to knowing exactly how and when to invest in wonderful companies.;In Invested , Danielle shows you how to do the same: how to take command of your own life and finances by choosing companies with missions that match your values, using the same gold standard strategies that have catapulted Warren Buffet and Charlie Munger to the top of the Forbes 400. Avoiding complex math and obsolete financial models, she turns her father's investing knowledge into twelve easy-to understand lessons.;In each chapter, Danielle examines the investment strategies she mastered as her increasing know-how deepens the trust between her and her father. Throughout, she streamlines the process of making wise financial decisions and shows you just how easy--and profitable--investing can be.;Capturing a warm, charming, and down-to-earth give and take between a headstrong daughter and her mostly patient dad, Invested makes the complex world of investing simple, straightforward, and approachable, and will help you formulate your own investment plan--and foster the confidence to put it into action.;	William Morrow & Company	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/691_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/691_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/691_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/691_3.jpg	Danielle Town	 Phil Town
692	Invested	238.000	202.300	Invested;In this essential handbook—a blend of Rich Dad, Poor Dad and The Happiness Project —the co-host of the wildly popular InvestED podcast shares her yearlong journey learning to invest, as taught to her by her father, investor and bestselling author Phil Town.;	Invested;In this essential handbook—a blend of Rich Dad, Poor Dad and The Happiness Project —the co-host of the wildly popular InvestED podcast shares her yearlong journey learning to invest, as taught to her by her father, investor and bestselling author Phil Town.;Growing up, the words finance, savings, and portfolio made Danielle Town’s eyes glaze over, and the thought of stocks and financial statements shut down her brain. The daughter of a successful investor and bestselling financial author of Rule #1 , Phil Town, she spent most of her adult life avoiding investing—until she realized that her time-consuming career as lawyer was making her feel anything but in control of her life or her money. Determined to regain her freedom, vote for her values with her money, and deal with her fear of the unpredictable stock market, she turned to her father, Phil, to help her take charge of her life and her future through Warren Buffett-style value investing. Over the course of a year, Danielle went from avoiding everything to do with the financial industrial complex to knowing exactly how and when to invest in wonderful companies.;In Invested , Danielle shows you how to do the same: how to take command of your own life and finances by choosing companies with missions that match your values, using the same gold standard strategies that have catapulted Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger to the top of the Forbes 400. Avoiding complex math and obsolete financial models, she turns her father’s investing knowledge into twelve easy-to understand lessons.;In each chapter, Danielle examines the investment strategies she mastered as her increasing know-how deepens the trust between her and her father. Throughout, she streamlines the process of making wise financial decisions and shows you just how easy—and profitable—investing can be.;Capturing a warm, charming, and down-to-earth give and take between a headstrong daughter and her mostly patient dad, Invested makes the complex world of investing simple, straightforward, and approachable, and will help you formulate your own investment plan—and foster the confidence to put it into action.;	William Morrow	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/692_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/692_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/692_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/692_3.jpg	Danielle Town	 Phil Town
693	RICH DAD'S GUIDE TO INVESTING (INTL)	148.000	125.800	Rich Dad's Guide to Investing is a roadmap for those who want to become successful investors and invest in the types of assets that the rich do. Whether your goal is to become financially secure, comfortable, or rich this book is your guide to understanding the asset classes and investment strategy. Robert explains his basic rules of investing, how to reduce your risk and Rich Dad's 10 Investor Controls as well as ways to convert your earned income into passive portfolio income.;	Rich Dad's Guide to Investing is a roadmap for those who want to become successful investors and invest in the types of assets that the rich do. Whether your goal is to become financially secure, comfortable, or rich this book is your guide to understanding the asset classes and investment strategy. Robert explains his basic rules of investing, how to reduce your risk and Rich Dad's 10 Investor Controls as well as ways to convert your earned income into passive portfolio income.;	Plata Publishing	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/693_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/693_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/693_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/693_3.jpg	Robert T. Kiyosaki
694	The Intelligent Investor: The Classic Text on Value Investing	525.000	446.250	The Intelligent Investor: The Classic Text on Value Investing;The Classic Text Annotated to Update Graham's Timeless Wisdom for Today's Market Conditions;	The Intelligent Investor: The Classic Text on Value Investing;The Classic Text Annotated to Update Graham's Timeless Wisdom for Today's Market Conditions;The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949.;Over the years, market developments have proven the wisdom of Graham's strategies. While preserving the integrity of Graham's original text, this revised edition includes updated commentary by noted financial journalist Jason Zweig, whose perspective incorporates the realities of today's market, draws parallels between Graham's examples and today's financial headlines, and gives readers a more thorough understanding of how to apply Graham's principles.;Vital and indispensable, this HarperBusiness Essentials edition of The Intelligent Investor is the most important book you will ever read on how to reach your financial goals.;	HarperBusiness	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/694_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/694_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/694_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/694_3.jpg	Benjamin Graham
695	Learn to Earn: A Beginner's Guide to the Basics of Investing and Business: Introduction to the Basics of Investing	282.000	239.700	Learn to Earn: A Beginner's Guide to the Basics of Investing and Business: Introduction to the Basics of Investing;Many investors, including some with substantial portfolios, have only the sketchiest idea of how the stock market works. This book claims this that the basics of investing - the fundamentals of the economic system and what they have to do with the stock market - aren't taught in school. When individuals have to make important decisions about saving for college and retirement funds, this failure to provide a basic eduction in investing can have tragic consequences. For those who know what to look for, investment opportunites are everywhere. The average student is familiar with Nike, Reebok, McDonalds, the Gap, and the Body Shop; the majority of teenagers have drunk Pepsi or Coke, but only a very few own shares in either company or even understand how to buy them. The author demonstrates that the basic principles behind public companies haven't changed in more than 300 years.;	Learn to Earn: A Beginner's Guide to the Basics of Investing and Business: Introduction to the Basics of Investing;Many investors, including some with substantial portfolios, have only the sketchiest idea of how the stock market works. This book claims this that the basics of investing - the fundamentals of the economic system and what they have to do with the stock market - aren't taught in school. When individuals have to make important decisions about saving for college and retirement funds, this failure to provide a basic eduction in investing can have tragic consequences. For those who know what to look for, investment opportunites are everywhere. The average student is familiar with Nike, Reebok, McDonalds, the Gap, and the Body Shop; the majority of teenagers have drunk Pepsi or Coke, but only a very few own shares in either company or even understand how to buy them. The author demonstrates that the basic principles behind public companies haven't changed in more than 300 years.;	Simon & Schuster	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/695_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/695_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/695_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/695_3.jpg	Peter Lynch	 John Rothchild
696	The Motley Fool Investment Guide: Third Edition	307.000	245.600	A completely revised and updated edition of an investing classic to help readers make sense of investing today, full of "solid information and advice for individual investors" ( The Washington Post ).;Today, anyone can be an informed investor, and once you learn to tune out the hype and focus on meaningful factors, you can beat the Street. The Motley Fool Investment Guide, completely revised and updated with clear and witty explanations, deciphers all the current information--from evaluating individual stocks to creating a diverse investment portfolio.;	A completely revised and updated edition of an investing classic to help readers make sense of investing today, full of "solid information and advice for individual investors" ( The Washington Post ).;Today, anyone can be an informed investor, and once you learn to tune out the hype and focus on meaningful factors, you can beat the Street. The Motley Fool Investment Guide, completely revised and updated with clear and witty explanations, deciphers all the current information--from evaluating individual stocks to creating a diverse investment portfolio.;David and Tom Gardner have investing ideas for you, no matter how much time or money you have. This new edition of The Motley Fool Investment Guide is designed for today's investor, sophisticate and novice alike, with the latest information on: --Finding high-growth stocks that will beat the market over the long term --Identifying volatile young companies that traditional valuation measures may miss --Using online sources to locate untapped wellsprings of vital information;The Motley Fool rose to fame in the 1990s, based on its early recommendations of stocks such as Amazon.com, PayPal, eBay, and Starbucks. Now this revised edition is tailored to help investors tackle today's market. "If you've been looking for a basic book on investing in the stock market, this is it...The Gardners help empower the amateur investor with tools and strategies to beat the pros" ( Chicago Tribune ).;	SIMON & SCHUSTER	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/696_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/696_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/696_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/696_3.jpg	Tom Gardner
697	[Phiên chợ sách cũ] RICH DAD'S GUIDE TO INVESTING (INTL)	148.000	96.200	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc "Phiên chợ sách cũ" sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com.;	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc "Phiên chợ sách cũ" sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com.;Rich Dad's Guide to Investing is a roadmap for those who want to become successful investors and invest in the types of assets that the rich do. Whether your goal is to become financially secure, comfortable, or rich this book is your guide to understanding the asset classes and investment strategy. Robert explains his basic rules of investing, how to reduce your risk and Rich Dad's 10 Investor Controls as well as ways to convert your earned income into passive portfolio income.;	Plata Publishing	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/697_0.jpg	Robert T. Kiyosaki
698	Grow Your Money!: 101 Easy Tips to Plan, Save, and Invest	377.000	320.450	Grow Your Money!: 101 Easy Tips to Plan, Save, and Invest;Money manager Jonathan D. Pond has taught countless Americans in his series of bestselling books and PBS specials how to do the seemingly impossible: grow their money while still living the life they'd like to have.;	Grow Your Money!: 101 Easy Tips to Plan, Save, and Invest;Money manager Jonathan D. Pond has taught countless Americans in his series of bestselling books and PBS specials how to do the seemingly impossible: grow their money while still living the life they'd like to have.;Whether planning for children, trying to afford the ones you've already got, buying a house, investing for retirement, or just learning not to live from paycheck to paycheck, Jonathan's energetic, warm, and no-nonsense financial advice has made him a regular on The Today Show and CNN as well as on PBS. In Grow Your Money , Jonathan unpacks the best of his decades of financial advice to create a cornerstone compendium. Includes:;- Using debt to your advantage - Why collecting Social Security early is (usually) a mistake - Dual-income homes: does that second paycheck help as much as you think? - Getting rich slowly - Give Uncle Sam his due at tax time--but not one penny more;Whether you're working on your third million--or your third year out of college--take advantage of this all-time best collection of financial tools and tips from one of America's most-loved money managers and advisers.;	Harper Business	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/698_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/698_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/698_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/698_3.jpg	Jonathan D Pond
699	[Phiên chợ sách cũ] The Motley Fool Investment Guide: Third Edition	307.000	199.550	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;A completely revised and updated edition of an investing classic to help readers make sense of investing today, full of "solid information and advice for individual investors" ( The Washington Post ).;Today, anyone can be an informed investor, and once you learn to tune out the hype and focus on meaningful factors, you can beat the Street. The Motley Fool Investment Guide, completely revised and updated with clear and witty explanations, deciphers all the current information--from evaluating individual stocks to creating a diverse investment portfolio.;David and Tom Gardner have investing ideas for you, no matter how much time or money you have. This new edition of The Motley Fool Investment Guide is designed for today's investor, sophisticate and novice alike, with the latest information on: --Finding high-growth stocks that will beat the market over the long term --Identifying volatile young companies that traditional valuation measures may miss --Using online sources to locate untapped wellsprings of vital information;The Motley Fool rose to fame in the 1990s, based on its early recommendations of stocks such as Amazon.com, PayPal, eBay, and Starbucks. Now this revised edition is tailored to help investors tackle today's market. "If you've been looking for a basic book on investing in the stock market, this is it...The Gardners help empower the amateur investor with tools and strategies to beat the pros" ( Chicago Tribune ).;	SIMON & SCHUSTER	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/699_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/699_1.jpg	Tom Gardner
700	[Phiên chợ sách cũ] The Intelligent Investor: The Classic Text on Value Investing	525.000	341.250	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;The Intelligent Investor: The Classic Text on Value Investing;The Classic Text Annotated to Update Graham's Timeless Wisdom for Today's Market Conditions;The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949.;Over the years, market developments have proven the wisdom of Graham's strategies. While preserving the integrity of Graham's original text, this revised edition includes updated commentary by noted financial journalist Jason Zweig, whose perspective incorporates the realities of today's market, draws parallels between Graham's examples and today's financial headlines, and gives readers a more thorough understanding of how to apply Graham's principles.;Vital and indispensable, this HarperBusiness Essentials edition of The Intelligent Investor is the most important book you will ever read on how to reach your financial goals.;	HarperBusiness	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/700_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/700_1.jpg	Benjamin Graham
701	[Phiên chợ sách cũ] Invested	238.000	154.700	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;Invested;In this essential handbook—a blend of Rich Dad, Poor Dad and The Happiness Project —the co-host of the wildly popular InvestED podcast shares her yearlong journey learning to invest, as taught to her by her father, investor and bestselling author Phil Town.;Growing up, the words finance, savings, and portfolio made Danielle Town’s eyes glaze over, and the thought of stocks and financial statements shut down her brain. The daughter of a successful investor and bestselling financial author of Rule #1 , Phil Town, she spent most of her adult life avoiding investing—until she realized that her time-consuming career as lawyer was making her feel anything but in control of her life or her money. Determined to regain her freedom, vote for her values with her money, and deal with her fear of the unpredictable stock market, she turned to her father, Phil, to help her take charge of her life and her future through Warren Buffett-style value investing. Over the course of a year, Danielle went from avoiding everything to do with the financial industrial complex to knowing exactly how and when to invest in wonderful companies.;In Invested , Danielle shows you how to do the same: how to take command of your own life and finances by choosing companies with missions that match your values, using the same gold standard strategies that have catapulted Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger to the top of the Forbes 400. Avoiding complex math and obsolete financial models, she turns her father’s investing knowledge into twelve easy-to understand lessons.;In each chapter, Danielle examines the investment strategies she mastered as her increasing know-how deepens the trust between her and her father. Throughout, she streamlines the process of making wise financial decisions and shows you just how easy—and profitable—investing can be.;Capturing a warm, charming, and down-to-earth give and take between a headstrong daughter and her mostly patient dad, Invested makes the complex world of investing simple, straightforward, and approachable, and will help you formulate your own investment plan—and foster the confidence to put it into action.;	William Morrow	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/701_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/701_1.jpg	Danielle Town	 Phil Town
702	Angel: How to Invest in Technology Startups-Timeless Advice from an Angel Investor Who Turned $100,000 into $100,000,000	420.000	294.000	One of Silicon Valley’s most successful angel investors shares his rules for investing in startups.;There are two ways to make money in startups: create something valuable—or invest in the people that are creating valuable things.;	One of Silicon Valley’s most successful angel investors shares his rules for investing in startups.;There are two ways to make money in startups: create something valuable—or invest in the people that are creating valuable things.;Over the past twenty-five years, Jason Calacanis has made a fortune investing in creators, spotting and helping build and fund a number of successful technology startups—investments that have earned him tens of millions of dollars. Now, in this enlightening guide that is sure to become the bible for twenty-first century investors, Calacanis takes potential angels step-by-step through his proven method of creating massive wealth: startups.;As Calacanis makes clear, you can get rich—even if you came from humble beginnings (his dad was a bartender, his mom a nurse), didn’t go to the right schools, and weren’t a top student. The trick is learning how angel investors think. Calacanis takes you inside the minds of these successful moneymen, helping you understand how they prioritize and make the decisions that have resulted in phenomenal profits. He guides you step by step through the process, revealing how leading investors evaluate new ventures, calculating the risks and rewards, and explains how the best startups leverage relationships with angel investors for the best results.;Whether you’re an aspiring investor or a budding entrepreneur, Angel will inspire and educate you on all the ins of outs. Buckle up for a wild ride into the world of angel investing!;	HarperBusiness	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/702_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/702_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/702_2.jpg	Jason Calacanis
703	[Phiên chợ sách cũ] Grow Your Money!: 101 Easy Tips to Plan, Save, and Invest	377.000	245.050	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;	Sản phẩm có tình trạng chất lượng tương đương 80% so với hàng mới.;Lưu ý: Các sản phẩm thuộc 'Phiên chợ sách cũ' sẽ không được áp dụng chính sách đổi trả của Fahasa.com;Grow Your Money!: 101 Easy Tips to Plan, Save, and Invest;Money manager Jonathan D. Pond has taught countless Americans in his series of bestselling books and PBS specials how to do the seemingly impossible: grow their money while still living the life they'd like to have.;Whether planning for children, trying to afford the ones you've already got, buying a house, investing for retirement, or just learning not to live from paycheck to paycheck, Jonathan's energetic, warm, and no-nonsense financial advice has made him a regular on The Today Show and CNN as well as on PBS. In Grow Your Money , Jonathan unpacks the best of his decades of financial advice to create a cornerstone compendium. Includes:;- Using debt to your advantage - Why collecting Social Security early is (usually) a mistake - Dual-income homes: does that second paycheck help as much as you think? - Getting rich slowly - Give Uncle Sam his due at tax time--but not one penny more;Whether you're working on your third million--or your third year out of college--take advantage of this all-time best collection of financial tools and tips from one of America's most-loved money managers and advisers.;	Harper Business	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/703_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/703_1.jpg	Jonathan D Pond
704	The Alternative Answer: The Nontraditional Investments That Drive the World's Best Performing Portfolios	392.000	333.200	The Alternative Answer: The Nontraditional Investments That Drive the World's Best Performing Portfolios;The first book to explain the new world of alternative investing, showing how anyone can use nontraditional options to significantly increase returns and lower risks;	The Alternative Answer: The Nontraditional Investments That Drive the World's Best Performing Portfolios;The first book to explain the new world of alternative investing, showing how anyone can use nontraditional options to significantly increase returns and lower risks;The world's elite investors have long relied on alternative investments to produce superior returns. Until now, these strategies were the exclusive purview of institutions and the superwealthy, but today any informed investor can play the same game.;A rainbow of investment options—timber, start-ups, master limited partnerships (MLPs), hedged strategies, managed futures, infrastructure, peer-to-peer lending, farmland, and dozens of other nontraditional strategies—can provide dramatically better gains, with less total risk, than the standard choices. In The Alternative Answer , Bob Rice, Bloomberg TV's Alternative Investments Editor, leads an entertaining and easy- to-understand tour of this world, and suggests specific alternative investments for all four key "jobs" of a portfolio: safely generating more current income, decreasing risks of economic shocks, significantly increasing long-term profits, and protecting purchasing power over time.;Regardless of experience or net worth, readers will learn exactly how to substantially improve investment performance—in the same way that the world's best investors already do. Stocks and bonds alone aren't nearly enough. Investors need an alternative answer and now they have it.;	Harper Business	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/704_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/704_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/704_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/704_3.jpg	Bob Rice
705	The Art of Thinking Clearly	124.000	94.999	;The Art of Thinking Clearly by world-class thinker and entrepreneur Rolf Dobelli is an eye-opening look at human psychology and reasoning — essential reading for anyone who wants to avoid “cognitive errors” and make better choices in all aspects of their lives.;	;The Art of Thinking Clearly by world-class thinker and entrepreneur Rolf Dobelli is an eye-opening look at human psychology and reasoning — essential reading for anyone who wants to avoid “cognitive errors” and make better choices in all aspects of their lives.;Have you ever: Invested time in something that, with hindsight, just wasn’t worth it? Or continued doing something you knew was bad for you? These are examples of cognitive biases, simple errors we all make in our day-to-day thinking. But by knowing what they are and how to spot them, we can avoid them and make better decisions.;Simple, clear, and always surprising, this indispensable book will change the way you think and transform your decision-making—work, at home, every day. It reveals, in 99 short chapters, the most common errors of judgment, and how to avoid them.;;	Harper	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/705_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/705_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/705_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/705_3.jpg	Rolf Dobelli
706	Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future	112.000	85.999	South African born Elon Musk is the renowned entrepreneur and innovator behind PayPal, SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity. Musk wants to save our planet; he wants to send citizens into space, to form a colony on Mars; he wants to make money while doing these things; and he wants us all to know about it. He is the real-life inspiration for the Iron Man series of films starring Robert Downey Junior. The personal tale of Musk’s life comes with all the trappings one associates with a great, drama-filled story. He was a freakishly bright kid who was bullied brutally at school, and abused by his father. In the midst of these rough conditions, and the violence of apartheid South Africa, Musk still thrived academically and attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he paid his own way through school by turning his house into a club and throwing massive parties. He started a pair of huge dot-com successes, including PayPal, which eBay acquired for $1.5 billion in 2002. Musk was forced out as CEO and so began his lost years in which he decided to go it alone and baffled friends by investing his fortune in rockets and electric cars. Meanwhile Musk’s marriage disintegrated as his technological obsessions took over his life ... Elon Musk is the Steve Jobs of the present and the future, and for the past twelve months, he has been shadowed by tech reporter, Ashlee Vance. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of Spacex and Tesla is Shaping our Future is an important, exciting and intelligent account of the real-life Iron Man.;	South African born Elon Musk is the renowned entrepreneur and innovator behind PayPal, SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity. Musk wants to save our planet; he wants to send citizens into space, to form a colony on Mars; he wants to make money while doing these things; and he wants us all to know about it. He is the real-life inspiration for the Iron Man series of films starring Robert Downey Junior. The personal tale of Musk’s life comes with all the trappings one associates with a great, drama-filled story. He was a freakishly bright kid who was bullied brutally at school, and abused by his father. In the midst of these rough conditions, and the violence of apartheid South Africa, Musk still thrived academically and attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he paid his own way through school by turning his house into a club and throwing massive parties. He started a pair of huge dot-com successes, including PayPal, which eBay acquired for $1.5 billion in 2002. Musk was forced out as CEO and so began his lost years in which he decided to go it alone and baffled friends by investing his fortune in rockets and electric cars. Meanwhile Musk’s marriage disintegrated as his technological obsessions took over his life ... Elon Musk is the Steve Jobs of the present and the future, and for the past twelve months, he has been shadowed by tech reporter, Ashlee Vance. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of Spacex and Tesla is Shaping our Future is an important, exciting and intelligent account of the real-life Iron Man.;	Ebury Publishing	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/706_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/706_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/706_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/706_3.jpg	Ashlee Vance
707	Trên Đỉnh Phố Wall (Tái Bản 2019)	199.000	124.999	Peter Lynch là nhà quản lý tài chính số 1 ở Mỹ. Quan điểm của ông là: Tất cả các nhà đầu tư trung bình đều có thể trở thành những chuyên gia hàng đầu trong lĩnh vực của họ và họ có thể chọn được những cổ phiếu hời nhất không kém gì các chuyên gia đầu tư trên Phố Wall chỉ bằng việc thực hiện một cuộc điều tra nhỏ.;Trong cuốn sách, Lynch đề cập đến cách thức mà ông đã đạt được thành tích đầu tư vĩ đại của mình khi là cựu giám đốc xuất sắc của quỹ đầu tư hàng tỷ đô-la Magellan. Viết cùng Joghn Rothchild, Trên đỉnh Phố Wall đưa ra những chỉ dẫn dễ dàng áp dụng để có thể lựa chọn được những danh mục từ việc đánh giá các báo cáo tài chính của công ty và nhận ra những con số thực sự có giá trị. Ông giải thích và đưa ra những chỉ dẫn để đầu tư theo chu kỳ, hay thay đổi hoàn toàn danh mục đầu tư để theo đuổi những công ty đang phát triển nhanh. Lynch khẳng định rằng, nếu bạn không bị chi phối bởi sự thất thường của thị trường sự ham muốn tức thời về lợi nhuận, bạn sẽ được đền đáp bởi danh mục đầu tư của mình, (sau khoảng từ 5 đến 15 năm). Lời khuyên này đã được chứng minh là sống mãi với thời gian và đã biến Trên đỉnh Phố Wall trở thành tác phẩm bán chạy số 1 ở Mỹ. Và cho đến bây giờ, cuốn sách kinh điển này vẫn giữ nguyên giá trị ban đầu của nó.;	Peter Lynch là nhà quản lý tài chính số 1 ở Mỹ. Quan điểm của ông là: Tất cả các nhà đầu tư trung bình đều có thể trở thành những chuyên gia hàng đầu trong lĩnh vực của họ và họ có thể chọn được những cổ phiếu hời nhất không kém gì các chuyên gia đầu tư trên Phố Wall chỉ bằng việc thực hiện một cuộc điều tra nhỏ.;Trong cuốn sách, Lynch đề cập đến cách thức mà ông đã đạt được thành tích đầu tư vĩ đại của mình khi là cựu giám đốc xuất sắc của quỹ đầu tư hàng tỷ đô-la Magellan. Viết cùng Joghn Rothchild, Trên đỉnh Phố Wall đưa ra những chỉ dẫn dễ dàng áp dụng để có thể lựa chọn được những danh mục từ việc đánh giá các báo cáo tài chính của công ty và nhận ra những con số thực sự có giá trị. Ông giải thích và đưa ra những chỉ dẫn để đầu tư theo chu kỳ, hay thay đổi hoàn toàn danh mục đầu tư để theo đuổi những công ty đang phát triển nhanh. Lynch khẳng định rằng, nếu bạn không bị chi phối bởi sự thất thường của thị trường sự ham muốn tức thời về lợi nhuận, bạn sẽ được đền đáp bởi danh mục đầu tư của mình, (sau khoảng từ 5 đến 15 năm). Lời khuyên này đã được chứng minh là sống mãi với thời gian và đã biến Trên đỉnh Phố Wall trở thành tác phẩm bán chạy số 1 ở Mỹ. Và cho đến bây giờ, cuốn sách kinh điển này vẫn giữ nguyên giá trị ban đầu của nó.;Về tác giả:;PETER LYNCH là Phó chủ tịch tập đoàn Fidelity Management & Research Company – chuyên gia tư vấn hàng đầu của Fidelity Investments – và là thành viên của Ban Quản trị của Quỹ Fidelity. JOHN ROTHCHILD đã viết cho các tạp chí nổi tiếng như Time, Fortune, và The New York Times Book Review. Ông là tác giả của cuốn sách A Fool and His Money...;	NXB Lao Động - Xã Hội	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/707_0.jpg	Peter Lynch	 John Rothchild
708	Principles	460.000	349.999	#1 New York Times Bestseller “Significant...The book is both instructive and surprisingly moving.” — The New York Times Ray Dalio, one of the world’s most successful investors and entrepreneurs, shares the unconventional principles that he’s developed, refined, and used over the past forty years to create unique results in both life and business—and which any person or organization can adopt to help achieve their goals. In 1975, Ray Dalio founded an investment firm, Bridgewater Associates, out of his two-bedroom apartment in New York City. Forty years later, Bridgewater has made more money for its clients than any other hedge fund in history and grown into the fifth most important private company in the United States, according to Fortune magazine. Dalio himself has been named to Time magazine’s list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Along the way, Dalio discovered a set of unique principles that have led to Bridgewater’s exceptionally effective culture, which he describes as “an idea meritocracy that strives to achieve meaningful work and meaningful relationships through radical transparency.” It is these principles, and not anything special about Dalio—who grew up an ordinary kid in a middle-class Long Island neighborhood—that he believes are the reason behind his success. In Principles, Dalio shares what he’s learned over the course of his remarkable career. He argues that life, management, economics, and investing can all be systemized into rules and understood like machines. The book’s hundreds of practical lessons, which are built around his cornerstones of “radical truth” and “radical transparency,” include Dalio laying out the most effective ways for individuals and organizations to make decisions, approach challenges, and build strong teams. He also describes the innovative tools the firm uses to bring an idea meritocracy to life, such as creating “baseball cards” for all employees that distill their strengths and weaknesses, and employing computerized decision-making systems to make believability-weighted decisions. While the book brims with novel ideas for organizations and institutions, Principles also offers a clear, straightforward approach to decision-making that Dalio believes anyone can apply, no matter what they’re seeking to achieve. Here, from a man who has been called both “the Steve Jobs of investing” and “the philosopher king of the financial universe” ( CIO magazine), is a rare opportunity to gain proven advice unlike anything you’ll find in the conventional business press.;	#1 New York Times Bestseller “Significant...The book is both instructive and surprisingly moving.” — The New York Times Ray Dalio, one of the world’s most successful investors and entrepreneurs, shares the unconventional principles that he’s developed, refined, and used over the past forty years to create unique results in both life and business—and which any person or organization can adopt to help achieve their goals. In 1975, Ray Dalio founded an investment firm, Bridgewater Associates, out of his two-bedroom apartment in New York City. Forty years later, Bridgewater has made more money for its clients than any other hedge fund in history and grown into the fifth most important private company in the United States, according to Fortune magazine. Dalio himself has been named to Time magazine’s list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Along the way, Dalio discovered a set of unique principles that have led to Bridgewater’s exceptionally effective culture, which he describes as “an idea meritocracy that strives to achieve meaningful work and meaningful relationships through radical transparency.” It is these principles, and not anything special about Dalio—who grew up an ordinary kid in a middle-class Long Island neighborhood—that he believes are the reason behind his success. In Principles, Dalio shares what he’s learned over the course of his remarkable career. He argues that life, management, economics, and investing can all be systemized into rules and understood like machines. The book’s hundreds of practical lessons, which are built around his cornerstones of “radical truth” and “radical transparency,” include Dalio laying out the most effective ways for individuals and organizations to make decisions, approach challenges, and build strong teams. He also describes the innovative tools the firm uses to bring an idea meritocracy to life, such as creating “baseball cards” for all employees that distill their strengths and weaknesses, and employing computerized decision-making systems to make believability-weighted decisions. While the book brims with novel ideas for organizations and institutions, Principles also offers a clear, straightforward approach to decision-making that Dalio believes anyone can apply, no matter what they’re seeking to achieve. Here, from a man who has been called both “the Steve Jobs of investing” and “the philosopher king of the financial universe” ( CIO magazine), is a rare opportunity to gain proven advice unlike anything you’ll find in the conventional business press.;	SIMON & SCHUSTER	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/708_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/708_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/708_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/708_3.jpg	Ray Dalio
709	Quản Lý Công Việc Hiệu Quả Theo Phương Pháp Của Agile	159.000	95.400	“Quản lý công việc hiệu quả theo phương pháp Agile” là tác phẩm mới nhất của Steve Dennin và đang gây được tiếng vang lớn khi nhắc tới “phương pháp Agile” như một cuộc cách mạng trong quản lý công việc không thể bị ngăn cản và phương pháp Agile chính là xu hướng quản trị của tương lai, đem lại cho những doanh nghiệp áp dụng nó những thành tựu lớn lao và bền vững.;Steve nhận định chúng ta đang ở nguồn gốc của một thời đại mới - thời đại của Agile. Đó là một thời đại nhiều phấn khởi, bởi vì sự thay đổi chưa từng có có thể xảy ra gần như chỉ sau một đêm. Tại sao lại có điều này? Bởi vì một tổ chức Agile thực sự sẽ kết nối tất cả mọi người, mọi thứ và mọi lúc. Tổ chức này có khả năng cung cấp giá trị tức thì cho khách hàng, gần gũi trên quy mô lớn.;	“Quản lý công việc hiệu quả theo phương pháp Agile” là tác phẩm mới nhất của Steve Dennin và đang gây được tiếng vang lớn khi nhắc tới “phương pháp Agile” như một cuộc cách mạng trong quản lý công việc không thể bị ngăn cản và phương pháp Agile chính là xu hướng quản trị của tương lai, đem lại cho những doanh nghiệp áp dụng nó những thành tựu lớn lao và bền vững.;Steve nhận định chúng ta đang ở nguồn gốc của một thời đại mới - thời đại của Agile. Đó là một thời đại nhiều phấn khởi, bởi vì sự thay đổi chưa từng có có thể xảy ra gần như chỉ sau một đêm. Tại sao lại có điều này? Bởi vì một tổ chức Agile thực sự sẽ kết nối tất cả mọi người, mọi thứ và mọi lúc. Tổ chức này có khả năng cung cấp giá trị tức thì cho khách hàng, gần gũi trên quy mô lớn.;Nhưng bằng cách nào? Làm thế nào một công ty phức tạp như Ericsson, Barclays, Fidelity Investments, hoặc Microsoft có thể bắt tay vào thử nghiệm các sáng kiến mới với tốc độ nhanh nhẹn của một vận động viên? Làm thế nào các tổ chức lớn có thể hoạt động như các tổ chức nhỏ? Trong “Quản lý công việc hiệu quả theo phương pháp Agile”, bạn sẽ học các nguyên tắc và kỹ thuật tạo nên quản lý Agile. Được phát triển đầu tiên trong ngành công nghiệp phần mềm, cách tiếp cận quản lý Agile ngày nay đã được cải tiến và nhào nặn để hoạt động mạnh mẽ trong tất cả các ngành công nghiệp: công nghệ, sản xuất, dược phẩm, y tế, viễn thông, máy bay, ô tô gần như bất kỳ lĩnh vực nào.;Với nhu cầu phát triển nhanh chóng của người tiêu dùng và công nghệ đang được cập nhật nhanh hơn bao giờ hết, các doanh nghiệp đang nhận ra mức độ cần thiết của phương pháp Agile . Nó cho phép một nhóm, đơn vị hoặc doanh nghiệp nhanh chóng tích lũy và nâng cấp các sản phẩm và dịch vụ để đáp ứng các nhu cầu thay đổi liên tục này. Với các ví dụ từ mọi lĩnh vực, The Age of Agile giúp người đọc:;• Nắm vững ba luật Quản lý Agile (nhóm , khách hàng, mạng lưới);• Nắm bắt tư duy mới;• Khắc phục những hạn chế;• Sử dụng các số liệu có ý nghĩa;• Làm cho toàn bộ tổ chức trở nên nhanh nhẹn. Với các công thức đột phá được trình bày trong cuốn sách này, ngay cả tổ chức “khổng lồ toàn cầu” cũng có thể học cách hành động linh hoạt trong kinh doanh. Tương lai công ty của bạn có thể phụ thuộc vào nó!;	NXB Đại Học Kinh Tế Quốc Dân	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/709_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/709_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/709_2.jpg	Stephen Denning
710	WHEN BREATH BECOMES AIR (EXP)	157.000	133.450	#1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • PULITZER PRIZE FINALIST • This exquisite memoir by an idealistic young neurosurgeon asks What makes a life worth living? and makes a profound graduation gift—especially for aspiring doctors and nurses. NAMED ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF THE YEAR BY The New York Times Book Review • People • NPR • The Washington Post • Slate • Harper’s Bazaar • Esquire • Time Out New York • Publishers Weekly • BookPage Finalist for the PEN Center USA Literary Award in Creative Nonfiction and the Books for a Better Life Award in Inspirational Memoir At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade’s worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi’s transformation from a naïve medical student “possessed,” as he wrote, “by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life” into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality. What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir. Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. “I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything,” he wrote. “Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: ‘I can’t go on. I’ll go on.’” When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both. Praise for When Breath Becomes Air “I guarantee that finishing this book and then forgetting about it is simply not an option. . . . Part of this book’s tremendous impact comes from the obvious fact that its author was such a brilliant polymath. And part comes from the way he conveys what happened to him—passionately working and striving, deferring gratification, waiting to live, learning to die—so well.”—Janet Maslin, The New York Times “An emotional investment well worth making: a moving and thoughtful memoir of family, medicine and literature. It is, despite its grim undertone, accidentally inspiring.”—The Washington Post “Possesses the gravity and wisdom of an ancient Greek tragedy . . . [Kalanithi] delivers his chronicle in austere, beautiful prose. The book brims with insightful reflections on mortality that are especially poignant coming from a trained physician familiar with what lies ahead.”—The Boston Globe “Devastating and spectacular . . . [Kalanithi] is so likeable, so relatable, and so humble, that you become immersed in his world and forget where it’s all heading.”—USA Today;	#1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • PULITZER PRIZE FINALIST • This exquisite memoir by an idealistic young neurosurgeon asks What makes a life worth living? and makes a profound graduation gift—especially for aspiring doctors and nurses. NAMED ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF THE YEAR BY The New York Times Book Review • People • NPR • The Washington Post • Slate • Harper’s Bazaar • Esquire • Time Out New York • Publishers Weekly • BookPage Finalist for the PEN Center USA Literary Award in Creative Nonfiction and the Books for a Better Life Award in Inspirational Memoir At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade’s worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi’s transformation from a naïve medical student “possessed,” as he wrote, “by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life” into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality. What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir. Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. “I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything,” he wrote. “Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: ‘I can’t go on. I’ll go on.’” When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both. Praise for When Breath Becomes Air “I guarantee that finishing this book and then forgetting about it is simply not an option. . . . Part of this book’s tremendous impact comes from the obvious fact that its author was such a brilliant polymath. And part comes from the way he conveys what happened to him—passionately working and striving, deferring gratification, waiting to live, learning to die—so well.”—Janet Maslin, The New York Times “An emotional investment well worth making: a moving and thoughtful memoir of family, medicine and literature. It is, despite its grim undertone, accidentally inspiring.”—The Washington Post “Possesses the gravity and wisdom of an ancient Greek tragedy . . . [Kalanithi] delivers his chronicle in austere, beautiful prose. The book brims with insightful reflections on mortality that are especially poignant coming from a trained physician familiar with what lies ahead.”—The Boston Globe “Devastating and spectacular . . . [Kalanithi] is so likeable, so relatable, and so humble, that you become immersed in his world and forget where it’s all heading.”—USA Today;	Random House LCC US	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/710_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/710_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/710_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/710_3.jpg	Paul Kalanithi
711	Leaders Eat Last	246.000	209.100	The New York Times bestseller by the acclaimed, bestselling author of Start With Why and Together is Better . Now with an expanded chapter and appendix on leading millennials, based on Simon Sinek's viral video "The Millennial Question" (150+ million views).;Imagine a world where almost everyone wakes up inspired to go to work, feels trusted and valued during the day, then returns home feeling fulfilled. This is not a crazy, idealized notion. Today, in many successful organizations, great leaders create environments in which people naturally work together to do remarkable things.;	The New York Times bestseller by the acclaimed, bestselling author of Start With Why and Together is Better . Now with an expanded chapter and appendix on leading millennials, based on Simon Sinek's viral video "The Millennial Question" (150+ million views).;Imagine a world where almost everyone wakes up inspired to go to work, feels trusted and valued during the day, then returns home feeling fulfilled. This is not a crazy, idealized notion. Today, in many successful organizations, great leaders create environments in which people naturally work together to do remarkable things.;In his work with organizations around the world, Simon Sinek noticed that some teams trust each other so deeply that they would literally put their lives on the line for each other. Other teams, no matter what incentives are offered, are doomed to infighting, fragmentation and failure. Why?;The answer became clear during a conversation with a Marine Corps general. "Officers eat last," he said. Sinek watched as the most junior Marines ate first while the most senior Marines took their place at the back of the line. What's symbolic in the chow hall is deadly serious on the battlefield: Great leaders sacrifice their own comfort--even their own survival--for the good of those in their care.;Too many workplaces are driven by cynicism, paranoia, and self-interest. But the best ones foster trust and cooperation because their leaders build what Sinek calls a "Circle of Safety" that separates the security inside the team from the challenges outside.;Sinek illustrates his ideas with fascinating true stories that range from the military to big business, from government to investment banking.;	Penguin Books Ltd	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/711_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/711_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/711_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/711_3.jpg	Simon Sinek
712	Measure What Matters	349.000	296.650	INSTANT NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER;'I'd recommend John's book for anyone interested in becoming a better manager', Bill Gates;	INSTANT NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER;'I'd recommend John's book for anyone interested in becoming a better manager', Bill Gates;'Management magic.... Measure What Matters is a must read for anyone motivated to improve their organization' - Former Vice President Al Gore , chairman of the Climate Reality Project;'Measure What Matters shows how any organization or team can aim high, move fast, and excel' , Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook COO and founder of Leanln.org and OptionB.org;'Measure What Matters deserves to be fully embraced by every person responsible for performance in any walk of life' - Jim Collins , author of Good to Great;'In this indispensable book, the most important venture capitalist of our era reveals a key to business innovation and success - Walter Isaacson , author of Steve Jobs and The Innovators;'Measure What Matters takes you behind the scenes for the creation of Intel's powerful OKR system - one of Andy Grove's finest legacies' - Gordon Moore, cofounder and former chairman of Inte;--------;The revolutionary movement behind the explosive growth of Intel, Google, Amazon and Uber. With a foreword by Larry Page, and contributions from Bono and Bill Gates.;Measure What Matters is about using Objectives and Key Results (OKRs), a revolutionary approach to goal-setting, to make tough choices in business.;In 1999, legendary venture capitalist John Doerr invested nearly $12 million in a startup that had amazing technology, entrepreneurial energy and sky-high ambitions, but no real business plan. Doerr introduced the founders to OKRs and with them at the foundation of their management, the startup grew from forty employees to more than 70,000 with a market cap exceeding $600 billion. The startup was Google.;Since then Doerr has introduced OKRs to more than fifty companies, helping tech giants and charities exceed all expectations. In the OKR model objectives define what we seek to achieve and key results are how those top priority goals will be attained. OKRs focus effort, foster coordination and enhance workplace satisfaction. They surface an organization's most important work as everyone's goals from entry-level to CEO are transparent to the entire institution.;In Measure What Matters, Doerr shares a broad range of first-person, behind-the-scenes case studies, with narrators including Bono and Bill Gates, to demonstrate the focus, agility, and explosive growth that OKRs have spurred at so many great organizations.;This book will show you how to collect timely, relevant data to track progress - to measure what matters . It will help any organization or team aim high, move fast, and excel.;	Penguin Books Ltd	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/712_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/712_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/712_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/712_3.jpg	John Doerr
713	Fooled By Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets	247.000	209.950	Everyone wants to succeed in life. But what causes some of us to be more successful than others? Is it really down to skill and strategy - or something altogether more unpredictable? This book is the bestselling sensation that will change the way you think about business and the world. It is all about luck: more precisely, how we perceive luck in our personal and professional experiences. Nowhere is this more obvious than in the markets - we hear an entrepreneur has 'vision' or a trader is 'talented', but all too often their performance is down to chance rather than skill. It is only because we fail to understand probability that we continue to believe events are non-random, finding reasons where none exist. "One of the smartest books of all time." (Fortune). "An iconoclastic tour de force...nothing escapes his Exocets." (Evening Standard). "Brilliant." (John Kay). "Excellent and thought-provoking...an entertaining book." (Financial Times). "Wall Street's principal dissident." (Malcolm Gladwell).;	Everyone wants to succeed in life. But what causes some of us to be more successful than others? Is it really down to skill and strategy - or something altogether more unpredictable? This book is the bestselling sensation that will change the way you think about business and the world. It is all about luck: more precisely, how we perceive luck in our personal and professional experiences. Nowhere is this more obvious than in the markets - we hear an entrepreneur has 'vision' or a trader is 'talented', but all too often their performance is down to chance rather than skill. It is only because we fail to understand probability that we continue to believe events are non-random, finding reasons where none exist. "One of the smartest books of all time." (Fortune). "An iconoclastic tour de force...nothing escapes his Exocets." (Evening Standard). "Brilliant." (John Kay). "Excellent and thought-provoking...an entertaining book." (Financial Times). "Wall Street's principal dissident." (Malcolm Gladwell).;	Penguin	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/713_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/713_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/713_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/713_3.jpg	Nassim Taleb
714	RICH DAD'S CASHFLOW QUADRANT (INTL)	148.000	125.800	Tired of living paycheck to paycheck? Learn why some people work less but earn more. Pay less in taxes, and learn to make their money work for them. It's simply knowing which quadrant to work from - and when. The wealthy know that the keys to wealth and financial freedom are found on the right side of the quadrant, through business and investing.;	Tired of living paycheck to paycheck? Learn why some people work less but earn more. Pay less in taxes, and learn to make their money work for them. It's simply knowing which quadrant to work from - and when. The wealthy know that the keys to wealth and financial freedom are found on the right side of the quadrant, through business and investing.;	Plata Publishing	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/714_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/714_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/714_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/714_3.jpg	Robert T. Kiyosaki
715	Originals	203.000	172.550	WINNER of the Chartered Management Institute's (CMI's) Mangement Book of the Year Awards 2017, and a #1 New York Times Bestseller! ‘Extraordinary’ JJ Abrams ‘Fascinating’ Arianna Huffington ‘Inspire creativity and change’ Richard Branson ‘One of my favourite thinkers’ Malcolm Gladwell ‘Masterful’ Peter Thiel ‘One of the great social scientists of our time’ Susan Cain , bestselling author of Quiet ‘Fresh research, counter-intuitive insights, lively writing, practical calls to action’ The Financial Times;The New York Times bestselling author examines how people can drive creative, moral, and organisational progress―and how leaders can encourage originality in their organisations.;	WINNER of the Chartered Management Institute's (CMI's) Mangement Book of the Year Awards 2017, and a #1 New York Times Bestseller! ‘Extraordinary’ JJ Abrams ‘Fascinating’ Arianna Huffington ‘Inspire creativity and change’ Richard Branson ‘One of my favourite thinkers’ Malcolm Gladwell ‘Masterful’ Peter Thiel ‘One of the great social scientists of our time’ Susan Cain , bestselling author of Quiet ‘Fresh research, counter-intuitive insights, lively writing, practical calls to action’ The Financial Times;The New York Times bestselling author examines how people can drive creative, moral, and organisational progress―and how leaders can encourage originality in their organisations.;How can we originate new ideas, policies and practices without risking it all? Adam Grant shows how to improve the world by championing novel ideas and values that go against the grain, battling conformity, and bucking outdated traditions.;Using surprising studies and stories spanning business, politics, sports, and entertainment, Grant explores how to recognize a good idea, speak up without getting silenced, build a coalition of allies, choose the right time to act, and manage fear and doubt. Parents will learn how to nurture originality in children, and leaders will discover how to fight groupthink to build cultures that welcome dissent.;Told through dazzling case studies of people going against the grain, you’ll encounter an entrepreneur who pitches the reasons not to invest, a woman at Apple who challenged Steve Jobs from three levels below, an analyst who challenged secrecy at the CIA, a billionaire financial wizard who fires employees who don’t criticize him, and the TV executive who saved Seinfeld from the cutting room floor. Originals will give you groundbreaking insights about rejecting conformity and how to change the world.;	Ebury Publishing	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/715_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/715_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/715_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/715_3.jpg	Adam Grant	Sheryl Sandberg
716	Secrets of the Millionaire Mind	126.000	107.100	Secrets of the Millionaire Mind;SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND reveals the missing link between wanting success and achieving it! Have you ever wondered why some people seem to get rich easily, while others are destined for a life of financial struggle? Is the difference found in their education, intelligence, skills, timing, work habits, contacts, luck, or their choice of jobs, businesses, or investments? The shocking answer is: None of the above! In his groundbreaking SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND, T. Harv Eker states: "Give me five minutes, and I can predict your financial future for the rest of your life!" Eker does this by identifying your "money and success blueprint." We all have a personal money blueprint ingrained in our subconscious minds, and it is this blueprint, more than anything, that will determine our financial lives. You can know everything about marketing, sales, negotiations, stocks, real estate, and the world of finance, but if your money blueprint is not set for a high level of success, you will never have a lot of money -- and if somehow you do, you will most likely lose it! The good news is that now you can actually reset your money blueprint to create natural and automatic success. SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND is two books in one. Part I explains how your money blueprint works. Through Eker's rare combination of street smarts, humor, and heart, you will learn how your childhood influences have shaped your financial destiny. You will also learn how to identify your own money blueprint and "revise" it to not only create success but, more important, to keep and continually grow it. In Part II you will be introduced to seventeen "Wealth Files," which describe exactly how rich people think and act differently than most poor and middle-class people. Each Wealth File includes action steps for you to practice in the real world in order to dramatically increase your income and accumulate wealth. If you are not doing as well financially as you would like, you will have to change your money blueprint. Unfortunately your current money blueprint will tend to stay with you for the rest of your life, unless you identify and revise it, and that's exactly what you will do with the help of this extraordinary book. According to T. Harv Eker, it's simple. If you think like rich people think and do what rich people do, chances are you'll get rich too!;	Secrets of the Millionaire Mind;SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND reveals the missing link between wanting success and achieving it! Have you ever wondered why some people seem to get rich easily, while others are destined for a life of financial struggle? Is the difference found in their education, intelligence, skills, timing, work habits, contacts, luck, or their choice of jobs, businesses, or investments? The shocking answer is: None of the above! In his groundbreaking SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND, T. Harv Eker states: "Give me five minutes, and I can predict your financial future for the rest of your life!" Eker does this by identifying your "money and success blueprint." We all have a personal money blueprint ingrained in our subconscious minds, and it is this blueprint, more than anything, that will determine our financial lives. You can know everything about marketing, sales, negotiations, stocks, real estate, and the world of finance, but if your money blueprint is not set for a high level of success, you will never have a lot of money -- and if somehow you do, you will most likely lose it! The good news is that now you can actually reset your money blueprint to create natural and automatic success. SECRETS OF THE MILLIONAIRE MIND is two books in one. Part I explains how your money blueprint works. Through Eker's rare combination of street smarts, humor, and heart, you will learn how your childhood influences have shaped your financial destiny. You will also learn how to identify your own money blueprint and "revise" it to not only create success but, more important, to keep and continually grow it. In Part II you will be introduced to seventeen "Wealth Files," which describe exactly how rich people think and act differently than most poor and middle-class people. Each Wealth File includes action steps for you to practice in the real world in order to dramatically increase your income and accumulate wealth. If you are not doing as well financially as you would like, you will have to change your money blueprint. Unfortunately your current money blueprint will tend to stay with you for the rest of your life, unless you identify and revise it, and that's exactly what you will do with the help of this extraordinary book. According to T. Harv Eker, it's simple. If you think like rich people think and do what rich people do, chances are you'll get rich too!;	Harper	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/716_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/716_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/716_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/716_3.jpg	T Harv Eker
717	Money Master The Game	348.000	295.800	In his first book in two decades, Anthony Robbins turns to the topic that vexes us all: How to secure financial freedom for ourselves and for our families. "If there were a Pulitzer Prize for investment books, this one would win, hands down" (Forbes.com).;Tony Robbins is one of the most revered writers and thinkers of our time. People from all over the world--from the disadvantaged to the well-heeled, from twenty-somethings to retirees--credit him for giving them the inspiration and the tools for transforming their lives. From diet and fitness, to business and leadership, to relationships and self-respect, Tony Robbins's books have changed people in profound and lasting ways. Now, for the first time, he has assembled an invaluable "distillation of just about every good personal finance idea of the last forty years" ( The New York Times ).;	In his first book in two decades, Anthony Robbins turns to the topic that vexes us all: How to secure financial freedom for ourselves and for our families. "If there were a Pulitzer Prize for investment books, this one would win, hands down" (Forbes.com).;Tony Robbins is one of the most revered writers and thinkers of our time. People from all over the world--from the disadvantaged to the well-heeled, from twenty-somethings to retirees--credit him for giving them the inspiration and the tools for transforming their lives. From diet and fitness, to business and leadership, to relationships and self-respect, Tony Robbins's books have changed people in profound and lasting ways. Now, for the first time, he has assembled an invaluable "distillation of just about every good personal finance idea of the last forty years" ( The New York Times ).;Based on extensive research and interviews with some of the most legendary investors at work today (John Bogle, Warren Buffett, Paul Tudor Jones, Ray Dalio, Carl Icahn, and many others), Tony Robbins has created a 7-step blueprint for securing financial freedom. With advice about taking control of your financial decisions, to setting up a savings and investing plan, to destroying myths about what it takes to save and invest, to setting up a "lifetime income plan," the book brims with advice and practices for making the financial game not only winnable--but providing financial freedom for the rest of your life. "Put MONEY on your short list of new books to read...It's that good" (Marketwatch.com).;	Simon & Schuster	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/717_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/717_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/717_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/717_3.jpg	Tony Robbins
718	The Personal MBA	302.000	256.700	This revised and expanded edition of the bestselling book, The Personal MBA by Josh Kaufman, gives you everything you need to transform your business, your career or your working life forever.;An MBA at a top school is an enormous investment in time, effort and cold, hard cash. And if you don't want to work for a consulting firm or an investment bank, the chances are it simply isn't worth it.;	This revised and expanded edition of the bestselling book, The Personal MBA by Josh Kaufman, gives you everything you need to transform your business, your career or your working life forever.;An MBA at a top school is an enormous investment in time, effort and cold, hard cash. And if you don't want to work for a consulting firm or an investment bank, the chances are it simply isn't worth it.;Josh Kaufman is the rogue professor of modern business education. Feted by everyone from the business media to Seth Godin and David Allen, he's torn up the rulebook and given thousands of people worldwide the tools to teach themselves everything they need to know.;The Personal MBA teaches simple mental models for every subject that's key to commercial success. From the basics of products, sales & marketing and finance to the nuances of human psychology, teamwork and creating systems, this book distils everything you need to know to take on the MBA graduates and win.;'File this book under: NO EXCUSES' Seth Godin, author of Purple Cow and Linchpin;'Well on its way to becoming a business classic. You're pretty much guaranteed to get your money's worth - if not much, much more' Jason Hesse, Real Business;'Josh Kaufman has synthesized the most important topics in business into a book that truly lives up to its title. It's rare to find complicated concepts explained with such clarity. Highly recommended' Ben Casnocha, author of My Start-Up Life;	Penguin Books Ltd	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/718_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/718_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/718_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/718_3.jpg	Josh Kaufman
719	Trump: Think Like a Billionaire	144.000	122.400	Trump: Think Like a Billionaire;It's not good enough to want it. You've got to know how to get it. Real estate titan, bestselling author, and TV star Donald J. Trump is the man to teach you the billionaire mind-set-how to think about money, career skills, and life. Here is crucial advice on investing in real estate from the expert, everything from dealing with brokers to renovating to assessing the value of property, buying and selling, and securing a mortgage. Trump will show you how to cut costs, decide how much risk to assume in your investments, and divide up your portfolio. He'll also teach you how to impress anyone, how to correct or criticize someone effectively, and how to know if your friends are loyal-everything you need to know to get ahead.;	Trump: Think Like a Billionaire;It's not good enough to want it. You've got to know how to get it. Real estate titan, bestselling author, and TV star Donald J. Trump is the man to teach you the billionaire mind-set-how to think about money, career skills, and life. Here is crucial advice on investing in real estate from the expert, everything from dealing with brokers to renovating to assessing the value of property, buying and selling, and securing a mortgage. Trump will show you how to cut costs, decide how much risk to assume in your investments, and divide up your portfolio. He'll also teach you how to impress anyone, how to correct or criticize someone effectively, and how to know if your friends are loyal-everything you need to know to get ahead.;And once you've earned your money, you've got to learn to spend it well. Trump presents his consumer guide to the best things in life, from wine to golf clubs to engagement rings. Check out the billionaire lifestyle-how they shop and what they buy. Even if you're not superwealthy, you can afford many of these luxuries.;And what look inside the Trump world would be complete without "The Apprentice"? Trump will take you behind the scenes, from the end of season one and into season two, with insights into the making and the meaning of TV's hottest show.;As Donald Trump proves, getting rich is easy. "Staying" rich is harder. Your chances are better, and you'll have more fun, if you think like a billionaire. This is the book that will help you make a real difference in your life. "From the Hardcover edition.";	Ballantine Books Inc.	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/719_0.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/719_1.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/719_2.jpg	ZoeData/book/English books/Business - Economics/Investment/img/719_3.jpg	Donald J Trump
